Be careful with a glass of water
Hey, what's going on?
reckless
Just a glass of water
Do you need such a big child?
Am I not afraid that he will get hurt?
Hey, Xiaobao, show your mother if you are hurt?
It's hot, Xiaobao, come here
Because of injury
Come let daddy see
Why are you so busy?
Who hit you?
A child your age
Oops, kids of this age
Bumps and bumps are inevitable
You were even better than him when you were a child
No, it's the same as a skin monkey.
Yes, Xiaobao is at his age now
It's normal to bump
What about the nanny at home?
So many people can't watch a child
Oh, isn't that the love between you two?
Refuse to let anyone else take care of the child
Are you in the hospital now?
It's all hoarse. It's very hard to take care of children alone
Mom, no, it's what I should do to bring Xiaobao
That being the case
Xiaobao, stay with me
Ah that's not good
What's wrong?
He's my son!
What's wrong with staying with me?
Hoarse means that your illness is not cured yet.
I can't disturb your rest.
Bringing children is tiring
Yes, 17, you still need to rest well.
Are you hiding something from me?